datetime: refined leap second support desc (#5491)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/datetime.rst

                -   0

            *   -   sec

>                 -   Seconds. Value range: 0 - 60. A leap second is inchoately supported, see a section :ref:`leap second <leap-second>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                -   Seconds. Value range: 0 - 60. A leap second is supported at the most basic level, see the section :ref:`leap second <leap-second>`.
```

    By default fields that are not specified are equal to appropriate values in a Unix time.

>     Leap second is inchoately supported, see a section :ref:`leap second <leap-second>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Leap second is supported at the most basic level, see the section :ref:`leap second <leap-second>`.
```

You can use the Lua module :ref:`tarantool <tarantool-module>` to get a used
version of ``tzdata``.

This section describes how the ``datetime`` module supports leap seconds.

> It's very initially level of support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``datetime`` module supports leap seconds at the most basic level:
```
